ENABLE_BACKUP_MANAGEMENT not needed - it's enabled by default (#1061)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/backup/mongo-prerequisites.md

> 1. Enable Backup Management from <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> **Configuration > PMM Settings > Advanced Settings** and activate the **Backup Management** option. This adds the <i class="uil uil-history"></i> Backup option on the side menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check that **Backup Management** is enabled and the <i class="uil uil-history"></i> Backup option is available on the side menu. If Backup Management has been disabled on your instance, go to <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> **Configuration > PMM Settings > Advanced Settings**, re-enable **Backup Management**  then click **Apply changes**.
```
